Selected English United States One of two
double tap to activate,
double tap and hold to long press actions
available.
Use tap with three fingers to view.
Not Selected Spanish United States two of
two double tap to activate,
double tap and hold to long press,
Actions available.
Use Tap with three fingers to view
selected Spanish United States two of two.
Double tap to activate.
Double tap and hold to long press actions
available.
Use tap with three fingers to view Talk
Back menu.
Double tap to activate actions.
Double tap to activate Move up.
Double tap to activate.